well howdy they're gonna have people
it's bow-gun
so guess we got to talk about Joe Rogan
Bernie Sanders if you don't know Joe
Rogan endorsed kind of Bernie Sanders
said he'd probably vote for him he told
this to his audience last I heard the
number of people that saw was 11 million
people there are people that are upset
about this two different groups of
people the first group are Democrats
some Democrats some that support other
candidates some that support Bernie why
would they be upset about him catching
an endorsement kind of an endorsement
because Joe Rogan has said some messed
up stuff over the years and by over the
years I mean 2015 2016 2017 and like
yesterday he's probably saying something
messed up right now in addition to
saying things that have caused active
harm to people
he has platformed individuals that I
would suggest calls people to be
actively targeted he has a lot of hate
the term problematic issues so there are
some that build up Barney should reject
this half-hearted endorsement I'm gonna
say no no I don't I don't think that's a
good idea
and the reason I don't think that is a
good idea is the other people that are
upset I want you to think about the
people who would listen to Joe Rogan's
podcast okay you have two kinds of
people those who like to hear
interesting and weird conversations and
those people that agree with the
messed-up stuff that he says
those people who agree with the messed
up stuff that he says well they heard
that and if they are the type that would
agree with comments that are bigoted in
some ways at some times in a lot of ways
who do you think of voting for but they
just heard somebody they tune in to
regularly say that they're gonna vote
for Sanders if you were part of the
communities that he slights and that he
goes after at times I would rephrase
what he said in your mind he didn't say
vote for Bernie Sanders he said don't
vote for Trump it's the same sentence
it's the same thing that's what he told
his audience that's what was said that's
what they heard and now his audience is
split they have to make a choice do they
stand by Donald Trump do they stand by
Joe Rogan and that audience is gonna
argue red on red fire look at this like
a battlefield
you've got opposition forces fighting
each other that's a win because they're
gonna argue and those who take Joe Rogan
side they're going to become more and
more entrenched in that position as that
argument goes on because it will be an
argument it's not a discussion so
they're just gonna dig their hills in
and what they're gonna walk away from it
with is don't vote for Trump that's a
win in this situation if you were
talking about it and looking at it as if
it's a battlefield and it is Bernie took
something from the opposition and gave
them nothing that's a win yeah it makes
some of his allies uncomfortable and
there's a lot to be uncomfortable about
I said Rogan has said some messed up
stuff over the years if you don't if you
don't know I mean you do now there are
very few if you have watched this
channel for any length of time you know
what causes are close to my heart there
are very very few I think the shelters
are the only thing he hasn't actually
spoke out and and kind of undermined
he's not somebody I would consider a
friend we have very different views in
this instance that endorsement can only
help it can only help pull people away
from Trump that's it that's all it can
do unless it succeeds in creating red on
red fire on this side of the battlefield
and Democrats start attacking each other
but the Sanders campaign took something
and left nothing and are those who are
saying well it's legitimizing Rogan
Rogan has a massive audience part of the
problem with the United States is that
the audience often determines whether or
not somebody's legitimate he has an
audience there regardless of whatever he
says he's already legitimized that was
the problem with him bringing people
like Milo or the Frog guy on his show it
helped build them and yeah that's bad
that's really bad that produced active
harm in this case he told that same
audience that tunes in to listen to
people like that that he was probably
gonna vote for Sanders more importantly
he said he wasn't gonna vote for Trump
he didn't say it out loud but they all
heard it they all heard it
if you want to talk about somebody who
is actively helping the opposition you
need to go talk to Bloomberg he's
pumping millions into running ads on Fox
News and he is being cheered on by the
Democratic establishment because they're
not looking at it like a battlefield
where's that money going to go that
money is going to eventually pay for
investigative reporters to do opposition
research on Democratic candidates in the
hopes of trolling Trump that doesn't
seem to be an effective use of that
money but what I know as far as Joe
Rogan in this endorsement I want to go
back to that video about allies your
allies aren't perfect
they don't have to ride with you the
whole way all they have to do is get on
at one stop and get off at the next
they're just gonna ride that bus with
you for a little bit you don't have to
be friends as long as you're moving in
the same direction Rogen at this moment
is moving in the direction of most of
the progressive side of the United
States like it or not he is and in
addition to hopping on the bus for a
couple of stops he's handing out bus
passes to millions you don't have to
like him you don't you don't have to
co-sign him you don't even have to
tolerate him but if you're gonna go
after him there's no reason to tie it to
the fact that he told his audience he's
not voting for Trump
why undermine that he told millions of
people who would probably be voting for
Trump not
attacking that seems like a really bad
idea pushing them away seemed like a
really bad idea
it should be the idea to pull as many
people from his base as possible to get
them away to break them away to
introduce them to new ideas and to turn
them on each other on a battlefield
the US military if it is an advanced
battlefield with multiple opposition
forces they will literally bring people
in and their whole mission in life is to
turn them against each other because
it's that important it is that important
when it comes to achieving victory you
don't have to like him and yeah you can
talk about all of the horrible stuff
that he has said Rogan has said some
messed-up stuff that's not off limits
but there's no reason to push away the
people that he's trying to bring over if
you're gonna talk about it you're gonna
criticize it do it from a position of
we're glad you're coming over well let
us talk about some things that you need
to fix let us talk about some some some
issues that you may have you you've
learned to look at this in a different
way now we need to look at some other
stuff in a different way
nobody wakes up knowing everything
nobody's more knowing everything
everybody has to have a path to follow
and he's Dylan maybe or maybe he's just
going from popularity who cares who
cares if he's being self-serving fine
let him capitalize on it when anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
night